}, {
"title": "8 Nonfiction Books About Unsolved Crimes",
"author": "ALEX WEISS",
"tag": "BOOKS",
"content": "For some reason, learning about unsolved murders and mysterious crimes is so strangely fascinating to so many of us. As a kid, I never understood why my mom enjoyed true crime investigation shows so much, but as an adult who loves Serial, Making A Murderer, The Night Of and books about unsolved crimes, I totally get it. I can't get enough of unsolved crimes, on-screen and in-between the pages of books.
There are quite a few murder mysteries that I'm borderline obsessed with. When it comes to unsolved true crimes, just about anything can capture my attention. If you're the same way, you're probably constantly searching for the next best true crime book. While unsolved crime cases can often seem dull on the outside (I mean, there's no conclusion or exciting arrests made, so what's so interesting about it?), the clues and false leads are what many find so interesting. You can keep asking questions, thinking up new solutions, and pretending to be a private detective. It's like a never ending game of Clue — only a lot more tragic.
From unsolved murder mysteries to missing people in the jungle to scary realities and lurking, serial killers who remain on the loose, here are eight must-read books about haunting unsolved crimes:",
"image": "http://www.bustle.com/articles/174649-8-nonfiction-books-about-unsolved-crimes"
}, {
"title": "How To Get Free Shake Shack On Tuesday, Aug. 16 In Celebration Of The Burger Joint Opening Its 100th Location",
"author": "LUCIA PETERS",
"tag": "LIFESTYLE",
"content": "So, hey, big news for the burger fans in the crowd: Tomorrow — that would be Tuesday, Aug. 16, 2016 — Shake Shack locations literally all over the world will be giving away tons of free burgers. Even better news is that if you’ve been wondering exactly how to get free Shake Shack tomorrow, I’ve got all the information you need. Few things get the internet more excited than the idea of free food, so if you want to try to capitalize on this latest offer, you’re going to need to be informed. Why did the mighty Shack suddenly decide to grant us free stuff? What’s the occasion? Is there an occasion? As it so happens, there is: The promo is in honor of the arrival of Shake Shack’s 100th location, which will be opening its doors at the Boston Seaport at 77 Seaport Boulevard in Massachusetts on Aug. 16. Incidentally, the new Shack will be right by the Boston Children’s Museum, the Boston Tea Party Ships and Museum, and the Institute of Contemporary Art — all of which, speaking as a native Bostonian, I can assure you are pretty rad. So, y’know, go! Have fun! Museum yourself until you can museum no more, and then stuff yourself full of burgers! It will be glorious!
But I digress.",
"image": "http://www.bustle.com/articles/178661-how-to-get-free-shake-shack-on-tuesday-aug-16-in-celebration-of-the-burger-joint"
